I'm Nathan Burton we're up close with
Criss Angel we got like probably what a
couple minutes there on earth age what
do you what do you think about right
before you go on stage what goes through
your head I know you got a lot stuff
going on you have multiple businesses
down during the day what do you think
about right before we're on stage um I
just I just you try to focus myself and
just think about what I have to do I
have to give 110% I have to put
everything else aside and this is a big
deal that's like the Luxor Hotel it's
circus all they are they gonna let me
film backstage we're gonna stop me um
you know I I think if I given the nod I
think you're okay let's see the navidad
does it not
now if you notice he's introducing
what's supposed to be me on stage but
it's not me it's actually maestro coming
out as me and I probably have to be I'll
be on stage performing and probably
about 90 seconds I will be out there and
you're right here talking yeah I'll be I
think I'll be floating down about 30
feet in one second you're gonna see the
screen go up and it's my introduction
yeah well let him see this this is
pretty cool
the RISM casinos ringing I don't know
how to pro how about Angela you're here
right now
the music is starting that's you that's
me that's you and you're here dude I'm
getting nervous all right
oh I'll catch you have a good show at
some point I don't know when are you
gonna pop up but I'll find what I reckon
I'll just buy baby
the show is starting now Lord asking
lots more questions
Chris said I can all accents would stage
right and supply
you hate about magic words one that you
love about magic I don't really I don't
really hate anything about magic because
magic has blessed my life
what I'm doing I get to do this 10 times
a week 46 weeks a year for as long as I
want to do it pretty much 10-year
contract
I just think negativity doesn't breed a
new positive so I stay away
how's the kid the kid this is what
you're missing work he's a completely
just a random person that's picked from
the audience and people think it's the
boss this is I wrote a whole shot yeah
as audience the audience the audience is
no he's not he's from Spain Barcelona
Carson are yeah we should I love you
we're seconds away from you should be
over crystal he noticed the live alone
on stage with his final bag
audience unbelievable
it feels great you know I got a I got
about 20 to 20 30 minutes and I'm gonna
do this again be a ham